[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of
the Four Emperors
of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack
on Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR] In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last,
only their leader remained.
Now, the fate of Dressrosa
will be decided
in a one-on-one duel between
Luffy and Doflamingo.
[LUFFY]
Muscle Balloon!
Fourth Gear!
Bounce-Man!
Now, my Gum-Gum...
...Kong...
...Gun!
[LUFFY]
Rhino Schneider!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Athlete!
[DOFLAMINGO] Even with the
armor, he's still like rubber!
Not now!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Damn it!
Enough! Eat this!
And now, Gum-Gum...
...Culverin!
[LUFFY grunts]
Please, listen well. It is I,
King--rather, former king,
Riku Doldo the Third.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[TOWNSMAN O]
What's going on?
[DOLDO]
The feared Don Quixote Family,
whom we believed
were unstoppable,
have nearly been eliminated
by a group of mighty warriors
who only happened to be
passing through our country!
None of the Executives
are left standing!
Whoa, really?
[DOLDO]
The final obstacle is him!
The ruthless tyrant who has
Dressrosa under his thumb.
Doflamingo!
And the brave soul
who's doing battle with him
is Luffy of the
Straw Hat Pirates!
I believe he'll save us.
He'll destroy this Birdcage
once and for all!
That win, or lose,
it'll end in mere minutes!
Our dear country
may be crumbling,
but I cannot allow you
to go down with it!
I implore you to keep running!
Even if you run out of breath,
or your legs are broken!
For a few minutes.
Please try to survive!
There's still hope for us.
That is why you
mustn't surrender yet!
[grunting]
The king is right.
Yeah!
[TOWNSMAN D]
We can't give up!
[TOWNSMAN E]
Run!
Move faster! Everyone,
get to downtown, now!
I have to live,
for myself and my baby!
There's still a chance
that we'll survive!
We just gotta have some hope!
That guy up there.
He's gonna protect our kingdom!
If I take too much time,
then it's all over!
[yells]
Nice try!
Such a stubborn brat.
[LUFFY panting]
[LUFFY]
Crap. I can't get near him
with all these
strings in the way!
[panting] But I gotta hurry.
Mingo!
[yells]
Break White outta hold you!
That was close!
You little gnat!
[yells]
Your demise is long overdue.
[panting] There's not
much time left!
I told you, it's time to die!
Oh no. The whole town's
turning to string!
And now, Billow-White!
[gasps]
It's over!
I'll blow you away!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Damn you!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[yells]
[LUFFY grunts]
You're mine now!
Don't talk such a big game
if you can't deliver, boy!
I'm gonna end this for good.
[gasps]
With my Gum-Gum...
...Leo Bazooka!
[LUFFY panting]
[ALL gasping]
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
He won. He beat Doflamingo!
[panting]
I--I don't believe it!
He saved Dressrosa,
just like King Riku
said he would!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
[gasps] Is that--?
He looks strange,
but it must be!
That amazing skill!
[groans]
[yelling]
[GYATS] And a body that
stretches like rubber!
[gasps] It can't be,
and yet it is!
[TOWNSMAN M]
He did it!
[TOWNSMAN N] Thanks to him,
Dressrosa is free!
Go, gumball guy!
Gumball? No, he's a lot
more than that.
[TOWNSMAN O]
Hm?
Didn't you hear
King Riku's speech?
Come on! He's the pirate
they call Straw Hat Luffy!
You won, Lucy! Great work!
You're our hero! We love you!
Wait a second.
You saw Luffy's face
in the newspaper.
This guy looks way different!
So how can we be sure it's him?
[TOWNSMAN R gasps]
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
Sorry, but are you
Straw Hat Luffy?
Uh, yeah.
I heard Straw Hat's a monster.
Like 26 feet tall!
But this guy...
He can't be more than
14 feet or so.
Does that mean he's a fake?
Hey, bouncy boy!
Are you legit or not?
Just give it a rest!
Why are you still
bouncing around?
Can't you stop that?
Nuh-uh.
Whoa, what was that noise?
Everyone else heard that, right?
[USOPP]
Viola?
[gasps] Straw Hat. He did it!
[BOTH]
Huh?
Really, you're sure?
Amazing! What a
devastating blow!
There's no way he
survived such a thing!
[LAW]
Hey, look at the sky!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Not enough.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[BOTH] The damn Birdcage.
It's still there!
[CAVENDISH]
You're right!
[gasps] In that case,
Doflamingo is...
He isn't dead yet.
Please, Straw Hat.
One more! Then you're done!
[panting]
[LUFFY yelling]
It's time for Gum-Gum...
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[TOWNSMAN Y] Hey, what's
the matter? Are you okay?
[LUFFY panting]
[BURGESS laughs]
[KOALA gasps]
[laughs]
That's Jesus Burgess!
What's he doing here?
[KOALA]
He landed that?
I had no idea he could
jump that far!
Hey, Sabo, are you there?
Come on! Pick up!
It looks like Straw Hat's
at the end of his rope!
This is my chance! [laughs]
[TOWNSPEOPLE scream]
[gasps] I know that guy!
[TOWNSMAN Z] He's the
captain of the first ship
of Emperor Blackbeard's
pirate group!
They call him "Champ" Burgess!
You've got somethin'
and I want it,
which means you're dead!
The Gum-Gum Fruit is mine!
--Are you all right?
--Wait, we can't get too close!
He's still a pirate, remember?
And pirates
shouldn't be trusted!
Who knows what
he's gonna do next?
But how can you say that?
He beat Doflamingo.
If not for him, the whole
kingdom would be done for!
Yeah, she's right!
That guy isn't going to hurt us!
I don't know.
I just can't trust him.
[panting]
[TOWNSMAN AA]
He's a pirate.
For all we know,
he's the same as Doflamingo!
Now don't forget!
King Riku said that
Straw Hat Luffy
would be the one to save us!
Come on, tell us, man!
So is the battle
over now, or what?
[TOWNSWOMAN F] What about
Doflamingo? Is he dead?
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSMAN AE] It's no good!
He's still alive!
[TOWNSMAN AF]
We have to get away from town!
[TOWNSMAN AG] Those two pirates
aren't done duking it out yet!
[TOWNSMAN AH]
Even downtown isn't safe now!
[TOWNSMAN AI]
Then where the hell do we go?
[TOWNSMAN AJ]
The Birdcage is closing in,
there's nowhere left to run!
Dammit, Mingo.
[panting]
[NARRATOR]
Doflamingo strikes back
while Luffy is incapacitated
from using up all of his Haki.
For ten long minutes,
Luffy will be unable
to defend Dressrosa.
In the meantime, a desperate
battle prevents him from
being killed by Doflamingo,
who has now become
the embodiment of rage!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!